Update transferring-a-repository.md (#30966)
github/docs: content/repositories/creating-and-managing-repositories/transferring-a-repository.md

## Transferring a repository owned by your organization

> If you have owner permissions in an organization or admin permissions to one of its repositories, you can transfer a repository owned by your organization to your personal account or to another organization. Internal repositories cannot be transferred to a personal account, only to another organization. In order to transfer internal repositories, first switch the visibility to "private" or "public".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have owner permissions in an organization or admin permissions to one of its repositories, you can transfer a repository owned by your organization to your personal account or to another organization. {% ifversion ghec or ghes %}Internal repositories cannot be transferred to a personal account, only to another organization. To transfer an internal repository, change the repository's visibility to "private" or "public". For more information, see [AUTOTITLE](/repositories/managing-your-repositorys-settings-and-features/managing-repository-settings/setting-repository-visibility){% endif %}
```
